# scrml.github.io
A quick overview of SCRML: SCRML is a markup language for stating interesting mathematics. SCRML (Self-Contained Resources Markup Language) is based on GRML (Rigorous Mathematics Language with Graphs), and GRML is described in the pdf. GRML is itself abstract mathematics and SCRML is a concrete implementation of GRML using XML.

The goal of SCRML is to provide a medium for other (future) applications to communicate mathematical content. This allows the development of teaching tools, machine learning tools, mathematical meta-analyzers, etc. to be developed using one common mathematical content language. None of these projects is part of SCRML, but SCRML is intended to be the medium through which they can communicate the actual mathematics. SCRML is merely a static markup language which can handle complex mathematical concepts.

This repository is the website for SCRML introduction. Eventually this site will introduce SCRML/GRML, host a compiler, and provide examples for how the language works. After that the site site will be given a gui for building new statements so users can create their own mathematical content. The compiler and gui authorship tool will exist on this website but they are designed to be offline-capable, using browser internal storage or offering the option to download/upload from the native file system. Distribution of SCRML files (except those used in the examples) will not be done by this site, that will be a future project.

Once the project has been developed this far, SCRML will be complete. A user will be able to read and write SCRML repositories from the tools hosted on this site. These tools will be designed to be functional, proof-of-concept devices and the field is left open for better, more user-friendly interfaces to be developed elsewhere. SCRML is designed to be highly extendable and should not need to be altered to be capable of making exciting mathematical statements which are natural and easy to readand write, but it would be foolish to claim that the language will never need modification. This site serves as the home of the SCRML organization, the official body deciding the standards of SCRML (once the site is complete, of course).
